c:\users\menze_000\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Examples.FirstProject\Examples.FirstProject\bin\Debug\Examples.FirstProject.exe.config
c:\users\menze_000\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Examples.FirstProject\Examples.FirstProject\bin\Debug\x64\SQLite.Interop.dll
c:\users\menze_000\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Examples.FirstProject\Examples.FirstProject\bin\Debug\x86\SQLite.Interop.dll
c:\users\menze_000\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Examples.FirstProject\Examples.FirstProject\bin\Debug\Examples.FirstProject.exe
c:\users\menze_000\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Examples.FirstProject\Examples.FirstProject\bin\Debug\Examples.FirstProject.pdb
c:\users\menze_000\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Examples.FirstProject\Examples.FirstProject\bin\Debug\FluentNHibernate.dll
c:\users\menze_000\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Examples.FirstProject\Examples.FirstProject\bin\Debug\Iesi.Collections.dll
c:\users\menze_000\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Examples.FirstProject\Examples.FirstProject\bin\Debug\NHibernate.dll
c:\users\menze_000\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Examples.FirstProject\Examples.FirstProject\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.dll
c:\users\menze_000\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Examples.FirstProject\Examples.FirstProject\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.Linq.dll
c:\users\menze_000\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Examples.FirstProject\Examples.FirstProject\bin\Debug\FluentNHibernate.xml
c:\users\menze_000\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Examples.FirstProject\Examples.FirstProject\bin\Debug\Iesi.Collections.xml
c:\users\menze_000\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Examples.FirstProject\Examples.FirstProject\bin\Debug\NHibernate.xml
c:\users\menze_000\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Examples.FirstProject\Examples.FirstProject\obj\Debug\Examples.FirstProject.exe
c:\users\menze_000\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Examples.FirstProject\Examples.FirstProject\obj\Debug\Examples.FirstProject.pdb
c:\users\menze_000\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Examples.FirstProject\Examples.FirstProject\bin\Debug\System.Data.SqlServerCe.dll
c:\users\menze_000\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Examples.FirstProject\Examples.FirstProject\bin\Debug\DE\System.Data.SqlServerCe.resources.dll
C:\Users\menze_000\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\AI-P\Examples.FirstProject\bin\Debug\Examples.FirstProject.exe.config
C:\Users\menze_000\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\AI-P\Examples.FirstProject\obj\Debug\Examples.FirstProject.exe
C:\Users\menze_000\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\AI-P\Examples.FirstProject\obj\Debug\Examples.FirstProject.pdb
E:\Projekte\Studium\AI-P\Examples.FirstProject\bin\Debug\Examples.FirstProject.exe.config
E:\Projekte\Studium\AI-P\Examples.FirstProject\obj\Debug\Examples.FirstProject.exe
E:\Projekte\Studium\AI-P\Examples.FirstProject\obj\Debug\Examples.FirstProject.pdb
